I've never been here before this is
unbelievable you've never been to
Brooklyn here you never been to the
band's it looks fantastic you drink at a
baby last month ridiculous was it a tiny
little baby or a normal-sized a
normal-sized B it was much easier this
time so thank goodness for that and yes
his name's Matthew and yep my older son
is James so oh you got a Matthew no
James
very biblical yeah yeah and how's your
older son James enjoying Matthew okay so
everyone warned me of course like you
need to shower the older one with like
attention and you don't want them to
feel left out that's what they say yes I
don't know if you did the same thing
yeah I guess so my daughter just she
just demands it is not a question yeah
right I am going overboard I am like so
worried about James feeling left out
that I find myself like insulting the
baby like win James all these like gasps
I'm like you know James Matthew can't do
it you can do Wow that's that will be
interesting to see how that kind of
manifests itself I know
see I think I'm like so James knows what
I'm saying and I'm a people pleaser so
I'm like Matthew will never remember
that I said this but James will do you
feel guilty at all that you had a second
baby after your first beautiful prized
baby was born and now you have to split
the attention I it's a complicated thing
I mean I will answer you honestly it
feels so strange
it's like someone has someone made this
comparison to me it's like you have the
love of your life and then one day you
just bring home so well you're like oh
by the way this other person will be
joining us yeah it's like it's like The
Bachelor really in a way
you're for st. Louis my wife is from st.
Louis and you live in New York this is
where you've chosen to live in time when
you did the office you moved out to LA
and moved right back to New York as soon
as it was over yeah but st. Louis in New
York are very very different places yes
and you know this as well you go to st.
Louis a lot people are different they're
very friendly they're there brings up in
st. Louis in st. Louis yes but I do
think when you go to New York you have
to adopt sort of a different maybe like
I learned you can't necessarily say hi
to everyone you have to be a little bit
tougher what happens when you say hi to
people I do can I say it on national
television I mean when you say if you
say hi to someone and they I think
everyone in New York is like proud of
being in New York yeah and so the
friendliness manifests itself in a way
where they just don't say hi back yeah
there's a gruff a gruff but lovable
quality you know you're just lovable I
mean no no I know what you mean oh yeah
well I'm from New York
also yeah but it's yes it's different
there's a different thing yeah and so I
I feel like okay well I need to I can't
smile at everyone like a little rube so
when I first moved here years ago I
adopted a tough face but my tough face
in my head it's so tough but did I see
what it looks like that toughest is just
and I think I like look at oh I'll look
at myself as I do it yeah that's just a
look like I'm hungry yes
it looks like like your sister got more
yogurt than you did well now there I can
see now I'm getting nervous this is your
autobiography yes may ask is this coral
yeah on the on the car is that a live
New York squirrel that's okay the
squirrels in New York are a different
breed altogether mm-hmm they are insane
they're way too comfortable around
people and stay away I guess you're all
from New York but stay away from the
squirrels in New York this particulars
are just like the people here really
like you have to approach them properly
or they'll strangle you yes
they're just crop that is Photoshop but
the actual self probably I mean how
could we have possibly gotten this shot
yeah that has to be photoshopped but the
squirrel was real his name was squirrel
his trainers really yeah I love this
part this trainers name was Bambi Bambi
was a human baby was a person a person
squirrel was a squirrel and I'm bad with
animals I didn't never had a pet and so
it like took some doing to get a good
whose idea was it put an actual squirrel
on the covers that's something you
wanted as part of the I don't know who's
actually in my original idea I thought
wouldn't it be funny if the squirrel
were like thrashing at me and I was like
bloody and he was like then I thought
what are you talking you want this girl
to do that to you that's insane no you
definitely don't want the squirrel to do
that no and you want to sell books do
you know you're like after writing an
autobiography and everyone in your life
and the people who really are interested
in you reading this that you have no
stories left to tell correct yeah yeah
I'm not sure I had legs very thin book
I'm not a biography it's a collection a
autobiography I mean what what have I
lives I don't have that much to tell but
no I shouldn't I want to sell books I
have a lot of things you've been through
a lot this journey you've been on is
inspiring to millions it's where you you
came to New York from st. Louis and
survived and then you meet people and
sometimes you put on a face and then
they don't kill you that's right it's
inspirational it really is by the book
to do all that stuff other one last
thing I just wanna say yeah thank you
for you were a part of our all in the
family revival 500abc and he did a
fantastic job I won the lottery I was so
happy in fact you are one of the first
people who I like indirectly told about
my pregnancy because oh yeah because I
felt like oh they need to be aware in
case some Russian coming like but it was
such an honor to be wanted to fire you
immediately when you heard that but we
the lawyers said it was illegal I guess
so I thought that would be it'll be in
the next book is the book it's called my
squirrel days ellie kemper everybody i
am jimmy kimmel click below to subscribe
to our youtube channel or if you want to
be that way about it though